docs: Reorganize user guide (#2050)
webrecorder/browsertrix: docs/user-guide/archived-items.md

# Intro to Archived Items

> Archived items consist of one or more WACZ files created by a crawl workflow, or uploaded to Browsertrix. They can be individually replayed, or combined with other archived items in a [collection](collections.md). The **Archived Items** page lists all items in the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Archived items consist of one or more WACZ files created by a crawl workflow or uploaded to Browsertrix. They can be individually replayed, or combined with other archived items in a [collection](collections.md). The **Archived Items** page lists all items in the organization.
```

Remove unnecessary comma

### Replay

View a high-fidelity replay of the website at the time it was archived.

For more details on navigating web archives within ReplayWeb.page, see the [ReplayWeb.page user documentation.](https://replayweb.page/docs/user-guide/exploring/)

### Exporting Files

While crawling, Browsertrix will output one or more WACZ files — the crawler aims to output files in consistently sized chunks, and each [crawler instance](workflow-setup.md#crawler-instances) will output separate WACZ files.

> The files tab lists the individually downloadable WACZ files that make up the archived item as well as their file sizes and backup status. To combine one or more archived items and download them all as a single WACZ file, add them to a collection and [download the collection](collections.md#downloading-collections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files tab lists the individually downloadable WACZ files that make up the archived item as well as their file sizes and backup status.

To download an entire archived item as a single WACZ file, click the _Download Item_ button at the top of the files tab or the _Download Item_ entry in the crawl's _Actions_ menu.

To combine multiple archived items and download them all as a single WACZ file, add them to a collection and [download the collection](collections.md#downloading-collections).
```
